>> Back in time, back
in the time travel.
So we left with some of the
example of some time travel
that has been done
physically in the past.
Now we can also keep
going and express
others of this time travel,
all the different modality
that we've been touched, the
recognition, the physical,
and the possession, and
also maybe some proof,
some element that
at least it give us
the confirmation
that what we did
is being creating
an effect here.
After the example
of the physical one,
we can talk about an example
of the possession when.
I told you before, this
is pretty much expensive,
because it looks that
we need to keep the time
door open on the both side.
Necessary, because like
at a very high level
of astro traveling, you are
traveling with your conscious,
with one of your astral
body, of your energetic body.
Using, renting, if we can say
like this, the body of someone
temporarily.
But you need to
keep the doors open,
because you are linked
with your physical body,
you traveler need to be open.
Otherwise, you can
really die, literally.
One of these
different time travel,
it's a time travel done
back in the time of Egypt,
a period of time that
is between the 10th
and the 12th Dynasties, or more
or less 2,600, 2,700 years ago.
A period of time actually
pretty well unknown.
So instead of other
dynasty, where
we know a lot of
things and things
are really not going very
intensely, well, this
is a period of time, or a time
package, that is pretty open.
So we don't even know
the name of the pharaoh.
We're not sure what is going on.
So what it means
for the information
that we have about time
and the structure of time?
Well, these are time packages
pretty full of neutral events.
So instead of the
others, where there's
so many things going on, so
pretty saturated, so there's
not so much to change anymore,
this one, the unknown one,
so the one where we can
really still change things
and we can really
create an effect
that is going to be right
now here from where we start.
So the operation, more
or less, is this one.
We said that Egypt was one
of the colony of Atlantis
at the time of Atlantis.
And it was the
place of the farms.
Imagine a territory that
was so rich with visitation,
of any kind of different
plants and vegetables,
so very different from the
desert one that we know now.
And this was actually
one of the first things
that I had as an indication.
In this case, I'm sharing
one of my experience
in time, one of my time travel,
a position time travel, where
the operation was to go
nearby the Nile, where
a priest in that
moment was there
in prayer and
meditation, literally
open and ready to be possessed.
A priest that was pretty
close to the pharaoh,
probably a friend
of the pharaoh.
And I need to go and
convince this pharaoh
to build a pyramid.
In a time where, well,
the resources was not
enough for everything,
it is very difficult.
Also because I know that all
the counsels of the pharaoh
will be against me.
So they are really
thinking that all of this
is absolutely crazy.
The reason why I'm
doing a possession?
Because a local person,
actually a friend,
could be much more friendly.
In this could also--
and in possession,
there is the possibility
to speak the language
of the place.
This is a great advantage,
because if you have
to talk a lot or to convince.
The cabin is activated.
The entire temple is vibrating.
The spheres are also ready
for other individual,
order people prepared to observe
and to check that everything
is going to be well.
Everything is ready.
I'm sitting in the right
position, in the cabin.
All the vital energy created
by the singing and the drumming
and everything has been going
on for many hours before.
Everything is set to go.
All of a sudden, the S,
this white S moving almost
like a snake, the black hole,
is being in front of me.
It is now really in front of me.
I know that I don't have
doubts, and I have to jump in.
Well, the kind of
feeling and emotion
are probably very hard to
be described with words,
because it's something that
obviously is going to follow
you for your entire existence.
But when I open my
eyes, I'm definitely
in the body of
this young priest.
What it is immediately
touching my feeling
is this extremely
rich environment
of plants and flowers
and everything.
I have just the time to
see the river, the Nile.
And I know that I have
to run, because I'm
being waited in this case
in the temple of Dendera.
Dendera is this gorgeous temple
building a couple of hours
from Luxor, nearby
Abydos, dedicated
to the goddess Hathor.
And in the actual
Dendera it's still also
possible to visit some of
the underground places.
Because I have to remind you
that in the stone language,
every temple is
built on the surface,
but then always underground.
Even the pyramids.
You have a pyramid on
the surface and a pyramid
underground.
And underground is where they
are the most sacred part,
the most precious part.
Because the temple they
represent, the human body,
and in the human body, where
is the most important thing?
Well, the most important
thing is the soul.
It's inside.
So I know that I'm going to
meet the pharaoh underground
in the temple.
I still have clear
memory of me being below.
And then on the stage,
there is the pharaoh
sitting on the throne and
all the different counsel
around him.
And I'm starting to
communicate, and I'm
starting to say, "well,
look it's not me.
I'm coming from another time."
Or I could even say something
more, like I'm a god,
and I'm telling you for
the benefit of your people
and of the entire
humankind, it's
absolutely crucial that you're
going to build a pyramid.
OK, if then you think
that all of this
is going to be very
small, forget about it,
because it's not true.
It's going to be
very challenging.
One of the things that we didn't
mention about the time travel
is also the time difference.
Obviously, we know that we go
from more complexity to less
complexity.
But one of the effect
is that, for example,
from where you start, one
hour of time traveling
could represent eight hours
in another time package.
So the feeling and
the perception of time
is changing very much,
as we know it is already.
And we know in
the time territory
that there are territory where
we feel tag time is different,
that it's moving different.
All of this operation,
it takes a lot of hours
because they didn't absolutely
want to build this pyramid.
It was absolutely crazy.
They didn't believe me.
They thought O was just a fool,
and many, many other things,
beside the fact that obviously
there was also very good reason
not to do something like that.
So the situation got even worse.
So they wanted to imprison
me and everything.
So thanks to the people that was
following me with this fears,
I was able to say, OK,
you don't believe me.
You don't think that I
am who I'm telling you.
Well, look, and the spheres.
Literally like
light, sphere light,
it was moving around
the room in a way that
was obviously paranormal,
was not possible,
or you know bright of
light, all of a sudden,
it was entering the room.
And I just say look,
this is not a joke.
This is something very
serious and very important.
You need to do that.
And if you're going to
do that, when you going
and inaugurate the new pyramid,
we promise that one of us
will come physically
to follow you
as a demonstration
of the connection
that the pharaoh has
with god and for the good
of the humankind.
Well, finally, the pharaoh
agree and do the pyramids.
I remember myself
absolutely exhausted,
also because energetically
speaking but also physically,
it's literally very exhausting.
I remember exactly coming
out from another part
of the Temple of Dendera.
Actually, a part of
the temple that I
recognize when then physically
in this life I went there.
And it was a big emotion
for me and obviously also
a strong confirmation.
I knew that the
point to come back
was exactly nearby where I get
the possession of the priest.
So the priest arrived
there, and then
I was literally recalled
back inside of the cabin,
passing through the black hole
with this white S that was just
in front of me in
the time of Egypt,
and I'm back in my
physical body in the cabin.
The first physical sensation
that I had when I came back
was my throat completely dry.
I couldn't even speak, because
I'd been speaking and speaking
and convincing for
a long, long time.
I talk about this experience.
And soon I'm going to also tell
you the result of all of this.
Well, you can imagine that
the pyramid has been built,
and then another
time traveler has
been sent in the time
of the inauguration
to be beside the
pharaoh to demonstrate
the fact that the
pharaoh was right,
and he's been connected
to the forces,
and connected to the
good of the humankind.
And it was really a very, very
strong emotion some weeks later
to see the news about
the pyramid in one
of the most important
newspapers in Italy,
La Stampa, that is from
Turin, and the pictures
of a pyramid that had
been recently found
in the area where we
did this time travel.
It was the confirmation
that also that operation
is being successful,
at least for what
we needed to keep the
timeline well separated.
Again, this obviously, it looks
something very impressive.
Well, imagine how much events
you can affect on the fact
that people will
see that symbology.
Imagine the effect of the Giza
Plateau and the three pyramids,
or even just let's talk
about the Cheops pyramid,
the Great Pyramid, how
much this symbology
has been affecting the mind,
the thoughts, the ideas,
the feeling of so many
people for such a long time,
almost like an inspiration.
So imagine how many little
change you can bond to that
or you can link to that.
So that's the reason why
probably that symbology,
not even so much about the
building of the pyramids,
but probably the
symbology of the pyramid
has been affecting so many
people all along time.
It's a fact that some
kind of structure,
like pyramid, or
a secret geometry,
they have an effect physically
on the psychological level,
but also on the energetic
level, on their aura.
So creating effect that
are then moving people
to do some action
instead of others.
I can talk about other
time travel, both physical,
both with possession, done
in another part of time,
more or less again
more than 2,000 years,
but nearby one another.
Why?
Because again, there
was a sequence of event
that was very much important
to modify related to a boat.
It's a wooden boat.
It was in this
river, the Chiusella,
that is actually the river that
gives the name to our valley.
And we did several of this
time travel with many of us.
To do what?
Well, we needed to make this
boat appearing right now
here in this time.
The result of all of this was
at the end of all the operation,
with our big
surprise, but we was
expecting that, the fact that
in a certain point, in 1994,
in the bigger and most important
newspaper of Valchiusella,
La Sentinella del Canavese.
Well, all of the sudden, in
the first page, what we found?
The pictures of a
wooden boat, very old,
more than 2,000 years,
that has been found aside
the river Chiusella.
And this is the most important
archaeological things
found in these last
15 years, and is
going to be exposed in one
museum that is still existing
in Valchiusella.
So that was the proof
that we was waiting.
It was the proof
that the element
of time that we was changing had
been succeeding in this time.
I know that this
information, it can really--
OK, but if this is
possible, if this is true,
if this time is really one,
if he's really territory,
if it's really sphere, and if
it's really possible to move,
so how that if now or
here, when he may live,
when he was happening something,
is true because when he was
talking about the
trial timeline,
I noticed that I
put something here,
and then I found it there.
Or that I was a place, and
then I was in another one.
So probably the mind
is just limited.
So my intention, as I'm
sure Gaia's intention,
is to open more and more
that way of thinking,
and to start to achieve that new
paradigm that is what is needed
so much for all of us.
That is probably what
is being preparing
for this time territory, the
fact that we need to do a jump.
We need to bring back
things on a level
that we could not even
imagine from the I to the We.
But not just in a very romantic
way, but also in a way where
spirituality would be
probably the possibility
to embrace a big
change for this planet.
Something that can
really reinforce
the separation of the timeline?
Well, personally I see at
least a couple of elements.
One is history.
Because rewriting the history
of humankind is what is needed.
It's needed to shake the
conscious of billions
of people in this planet.
It's history.
It's not something spiritual.
It's not something esoteric.
People, they might be scared.
History is something that
touches the life of everyone.
So if finally we're
going to prove
that what is written
in the book of history
is just a fake interpretation,
if there was much more evolved
civilization, if
Atlantis was existing,
if we can prove that the
pyramids had been created
by an advanced civilization
with advanced technology
that we don't even know, if we
can prove that we was connected
with others, because this
is the natural expression
of evolution.
So planets, universe that
are connecting with us.
So it will not be a shake in
the belief system of people,
I truly believe.
and I truly believe,
and I'm sustaining
everyone that is doing
research in this field.
Because this is
really the border,
the border that we
are moving every day
a little bit more
further to finally
enter in a new paradigm.
And if it's going
to be such a shake,
well, probably well we
might get the possibility
to reconnect with something
that out there is waiting.
Many people sometimes
are asking me, oh, you
know, the UFO or
the aliens, when
they're going to come
back, when they're
going to connect with us.
And I say, well, look,
let's see things reversed.
Let's say that they
are waiting us.
In the true sense
that how they can
reconnect with a
planet that is still
expressing such a low level of
evolution, where we're still
killing each other, where we're
still destroying the planet,
where we're still
destroying resources.
So it's not possible.
We are not at the minimum
level to be re-approached
by something else.
Well, nobody will do that.
It's not even allowed
to do that, OK?
Because we are not there.
We didn't get that minimum.
So the third elements
that, in my opinion,
will be the possibility
really to make
a big change in this time
is also directly related
to what we touch.
In other episodes
about the time package,
you remember the time
package, complexity?
The fact that in some time
package we can change things,
in others we can't.
Because it's saturated.
Everything is full.
This time package, they
might be closed from inside.
Wait a moment.
We are introducing
something different.
We're not just talking about
the saturation of the event.
So many things going on
that there's nothing else
that we can do.
No, we are talking
about something
that is directly
connected to what
we call the galactic empires.
The idea, again, that
we are not alone.
And there is an interaction
between many different planets
and many different
points of what
we call the universe of form.
And when they interest, they
come together, well, we really
can imagine empires.
Not very different
from the empires
that we have in our
little world, OK?
When we talk about Europe
or United States of America,
Russia, China, and so on.
It's pretty much a power gain,
but it works also out there.
Now, in a specific
moment of time, at least,
when we talk about these
last 30,000 to 35,000 years,
so pretty much connecting
to the time of Atlantis,
let's imagine the
time technology.
Yes, because all the things
that we talk until now,
in all our episodes,
are definitely
connecting to a
technology that we
can call time, a technology
that is being used also now
from our country, even if
they're not telling to us.
But by the way,
the time technology
changed completely the
idea of being in a space.
So if before I was talking
about galactic empires,
so I'm an empire.
OK, I'm in this place.
It's mine, because I'm here.
Fine.
I'm occupying a space.
Now I'm adding another
element, the element of time.
So wait a moment.
Instead of being
here all the time,
I'm staying here only when
I need, when I want it.
The other time, who cares?
So I'm putting space and
time on the same place.
That means that if, for example,
I know that from time 500
to time 620 these places,
fine, quiet, perfect.
Yes, I want to be here.
It's mine.
But if I know that from
years 621 until 850,
it's going to be a
disaster, earthquakes
and other not very
easy situation,
why I have to be here?
No, I just simply don't
be here for the time,
and then come back
at the year 851.
I know, it's a different
shifting of logic,
but we touch many things
that are connecting to that.
So with this new idea of not
anymore of galactic empires
but of time empires, so
I'm putting space and time
together.
What it means?
That in this case for a time
empire to protect a territory.
But in this case,
what is a territory?
A specific time package, or
a series of time package.
So from inside, there is the
technology to close the border.
So you are not allowed
to cross that border.
You are not allowed to
enter, because you are not
allowed to change anything,
because that territory is
the territory that
is my territory.
It's the territory
of the time empires.
That is the reason why
some of these time package,
they are not open anymore.
They are closed by
empires, empires
that we might know, empires
that we might not know,
empires that have been affecting
this planet in the past,
and maybe they are
going to impact
this planet in the future.
Or maybe there's already impact.
Now, why Falco?
Why in the '90s we was able
to travel into Atlantis?
Well, probably because
there was a connection.
We already know that,
unfortunately, Atlantis
is stuck there.
There was a fracture.
There was a separation.
We cannot enter.
Well, little by little, but it
takes really such a long time.
And most of all, the evolution,
the level of complexity
that has been represented
by Atlantis, it's lost.
After that, we really restart,
and we are still very far away
to achieve the same level.
Why not to imagine
that we maybe can
come back and save Atlantis?
No, this is not possible.
And we know why.
Because we remember that in the
time territory, when an event,
it's moving so much mass--
remember earthquake, all that--
we cannot change it anymore.
It would be so easy.
I come back, save everyone,
save the evolution, save--
no, there is an interaction
between these two timelines.
So it could not be so easy.
But what I can do?
I need to save the
place, the island,
or I need to save the
culture, the civilization.
And this is represented by what?
By the people, by the Atlantean.
So what I can try to
do, but is very complex
and it takes an enormous
quantity of travels,
actually not only anymore
travels but reincarnation.
I might come back in
time, before the creation
of Atlantis, in
that people that are
going to form Atlantis, that
are going to create Atlantis.
And do what?
Change so many events that
sometimes it's really changing
entirely the life of people.
That's the reason why we
talk about reincarnation.
And it's not enough.
You need to keep going, and
keep going, and keep going.
Because we know that
Atlantis, it was the best,
and then it was pretty
much also the worst.
It was the highest
point of evolution
in these last millions of
years, but did also a lot
of very not nice mistakes.
So to make it very
short, what I can
try, what we can try
to do is to come back,
to modify so many events, to
modify from the people that
are going to create
Atlantis, and do what?
We cannot save the island.
The asteroid will
shoot the planet.
The island will disappear
under the ocean.
It will be a disaster.
But the people are
somewhere else.
And who are the people?
The people are the civilization.
The people carry
on the evolution.
The people are representing
Atlantis, not that island.
So if we can make that the
island will be completely
empty, and the people
are going to be saved,
we are going to save Atlantis.
If this is going to happen,
because it's not still
happening, even if we've
been working since 1998
with more and more and more
energy, with more and more
travels, and we never stop,
even after the pass of Falco.
So if we're going to succeed,
what is going to happen?
Well, someone will
discover Atlantis.
And no doubt, they're going
to say that this is a system.
They were doing
something very clearly.
They were using the technology.
They were in contact
with the rest, and so on.
All of a sudden,
some new technology,
They're going to be
discovered, technology
that are going to change
the life of people,
like electricity did in the
past, just to give an example.
As the internet did
for us more recently.
So technologies that are going
to create this new paradigm
that we're looking for.
Probably, who knows?
Maybe we're going to be really
reconnected, because all
of this is going to make
such a shake in the conscious
of people that all
the old paradigm,
they're not going
to exist anymore.
Because the feeling of
people is to live differently
and to live in a way
that, at the moment,
we are still not
able to live, even
if we are looking for that.
And many are practical
things, many other things
that are going really
to make this shift.
It is actually a shift that
has been announced also
by many other civilizations,
a shift that maybe is also
linked to the prophecy of
2012, of the big change,
and many, many,
many other things
that I'm sure you can
remember better than me.
So this is going to be the
bigger acceleration that we all
deserve.
But until that
moment, we still have
to work day by day through
our action to change us
and to change this world.